Knowing how to use color and light in your artworks is one of the best skills
to learn as an artist because it will help you to take your artworks
from good to great. Hi, I'm Eva and I am artist, illustrator,
and creator of Outside of Life Podcast, and YouTube show.
Colors are definitely one of the main reasons I started to make art.
They have been my passion ever since I remember. I'm excited to talk
about color and light today because I want to help you communicate
your stories and emotions with your audience. I was always mesmerized
by how colors can influence how we feel about art, so I spend a lot
of time learning about this topic and today I want to share this
knowledge with you. This class is for everyone who is curious about
colors and want to enhance their artworks with awesome color and light.
Removing the fear of unknown, taking the guesswork out so you can be
more confident in creating art and developing your own voice.
freelance copywriter. Such accomplishments include becoming
the number one health and wellness copywriter on Google,
being featured in a case study interview with top copywriter
Jacob McMillan. And to get awesome feedback like this
from none other than Craig Clemens, who's made over
$1 billion in sales thanks to the craft of copywriting.
But you may be thinking, what would I actually be learning
about in this course? Well, for a start, you'll get access
to over 60 lessons, each ranging from one to ten minutes
to make them simpler, follow, memorable, and hopefully
motivational for you to go out and take action yourself.
The lessons will cover copywriting essentials, such as
how to write attention-grabbing headlines. The six pillars
of persuasion, psychological triggers, how to find your clients,
as well as copywriting productivity hacks, SEO best practices,
power words, career development, and five hot story structures
that you can use if you're ever out of ideas. So with all
that in mind, let me ask, are you ready to give this a go?
If you are, fantastic. Let's move on from this introduction
and get started with the first lesson. See you soon.